feat: Remove references to specific credential types. (#109)
GoogleCloudPlatform/samples-style-guide: content/en/_index.md

{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

#### Authentication {#authentication}

Samples should always authenticate using [Application Default Credentials][ADC].
Most clients do this automatically, and no special steps are required.

If, for whatever reason, the code snippet requires specific credentials,
then, apart from showing how to obtain such credentials, it should show

> hot to intialized a client with other than ADC.

Reviewer: s/hot to initialized/how to initialize/

Author: Done

> hot to intialized a client with other than ADC.

Author: ```suggestion
how to intialize a client with other than ADC.
```

> [ADC]:https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically

Reviewer: Update link to:
https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/external/about-adc

Author: Done

> [ADC]:https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically

Author: ```suggestion
[ADC]:https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/external/about-adc
```

{{< tabpane langEqualsHeader=true >}}
{{< tab header="Java" >}}
// Most clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to showcase a specific
// credential source, show users how to do that explicitly.

> GoogleCredentials credentials = GoogleCredentials.fromStream(new FileInputStream("/path/to/credentials.json"));

Reviewer: Still using service account key here. Can we remove this?

Author: Yes, I left a note on the PR comments. I only modified C#'s code for illustration purposes so we can agree on the approach. Once we have agreed, I'll modify the rest. That's why this is marked as a draft PR.

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="Go" >}}
// Most clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to
// showcase a specific Go credential source, show users how to do that
// explicitly.
ctx := context.Background()

> foo.NewClient(ctx, option.WithCredentialsFile("/path/to/credentials.json"))

Reviewer: ditto

Author: ditto

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="Python" >}}
# Most clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to
# showcase a specific credential source, show users how to do that explicitly.
from google.oauth2 import service_account

credentials = service_account.Credentials.from_service_account_file(
  "/path/to/credentials.json"
)
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="Node.js" >}}
// Most clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to showcase a specific
// credential source, show users how to do that explicitly.

> const keyFile = '/path/to/credentials.json';

Reviewer: ditto

Author: ditto

const auth = new GoogleAuth({
  keyFile: keyFile,
  scopes: 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform',
});
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="C#" >}}
// All clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to use specific
// credentials, show users how to initialize a client with other than ADC.
GoogleCredentials specificCredentials = // show how to obtain these
var client = new ServiceClientBuilder
{
   GoogleCredentials = specificCredentials
}.Build();
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="Ruby" >}}
require "google/cloud/spanner"

# Most clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to showcase a specific
# credential source, show users how to do that explicitly.
Google::Cloud::Spanner.configure do |config|
  config.project_id  = "my-project-id"

>   config.credentials = "path/to/keyfile.json"

Reviewer: ditto

Author: ditto

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="Go" >}}
// Most clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to
// showcase a specific Go credential source, show users how to do that
// explicitly.
ctx := context.Background()
foo.NewClient(ctx, option.WithCredentialsFile("/path/to/credentials.json"))
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="Python" >}}
# Most clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to
# showcase a specific credential source, show users how to do that explicitly.
from google.oauth2 import service_account

credentials = service_account.Credentials.from_service_account_file(
  "/path/to/credentials.json"
)
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="Node.js" >}}
// Most clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to showcase a specific
// credential source, show users how to do that explicitly.
const keyFile = '/path/to/credentials.json';
const auth = new GoogleAuth({
  keyFile: keyFile,
  scopes: 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform',
});
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="C#" >}}
// All clients use ADC by default. However, if your application needs to use specific
// credentials, show users how to initialize a client with other than ADC.

> GoogleCredentials specificCredentials = // show how to obtain these

Reviewer 2: Given this isn't a sample but something to illustrate a practice, and this is not the preferred practice, maybe we should simply link to documentation about using service account keys instead of showing code at all?

Reviewer 2: I'm suggesting maybe we should link to docs/samples on working with these credentials rather than show how to shape a sample for the edge case.

Reviewer 2: I think language tabs slightly edge out creating a vertical list of languages, but I defer to your judgement.
